First draft at helper for redacting nested fields (#759)
alwaysmeticulous/meticulous-sdk: packages/redaction/README.md

  }),
];
```

## Utilties for redacting javascript objects

To make it easier to redact large complex javascript types we provide a number of helpers.

### asterixOut

> This ensures the redacted text is the same length and has the same line breaks as the original text,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures the redacted text is the same length and has the same whitespace as the original text,
```
I don't think we really guarantee that it has the same linebreaks, since if it's rendered in a non-monowidth font the linebreaks might end up in a different space.

thereby allowing you to test the same layout cases.

```ts
import { asterixOut } from "@alwaysmeticulous/redaction";

const redacted = asterixOut("some sensitive text"); // returns "**** ********* ****"
```

### redactString

Redact string intelligently redacts the string by checking for common data formats. This reduces the
risk of your app error'ing during the replay of Meticulous tests due to it failing to operate on the
redacted data (e.g. "*******" is not a valid URL):

```ts
import { redactString } from "@alwaysmeticulous/redaction";

const redacted = redactString("some sensitive text"); // returns "**** ********* ****"

> const redacted2 = redactString("test@example.com"); // returns "____@_______.com"

Reviewer: Underscores are not a valid character in domain names so this could break some apps that are checking that the email is valid with a strict regex: https://domainname.shop/faq?id=7&currency=GBP&lang=en

We should probably use a different character?

ensures that compile time errors will be produced if you provide an object that has a field name (nested at any level
inside the object) that you have not specified a redaction policy for.

#### Basic Usage

```ts
import { transformJsonResponse, NestedFieldsRedactor, redactString } from "@alwaysmeticulous/redaction";

interface MyComplexApiType {
  details: {
    ssn: string;
    phoneNumbers: Array<{ mobile?: string; home?: string }>;
  };

  // By default we do not require redacting boolean fields.
  isUSBased: boolean;
}

// Important: include your API type explictly in the call to createRedactor (`createRedactor<MyComplexApiType>`)
const complexApiTypeRedactor = NestedFieldsRedactor.builder().createRedactor<MyComplexApiType>({
  strings: {
    ssn: redactString,
    mobile: redactString,
    home: redactString,
  },
});

const middleware = [
  transformJsonResponse({
    urlRegExp: /https:\/\/api\.example\.com\/.*/,
    transform: (data: MyComplexApiType) => {
      return complexApiTypeRedactor(data);
    },
  }),
];
```

> If you update MyComplexApiType to add a new 'name'string field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you update MyComplexApiType to add a new `name` string field:
```
